README.md, before:

# DonutBytes
A mini domain name registration (DNR) service.

## Getting Started
1. Run `mvn clean install` to build the service
    - Tests will be run automatically as part of this step
1. Start the service with `java -jar target/service-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar server config.yml`
1. The service should now be reachable via `http://localhost:8080`

### Example requests

Register a domain
```
curl --request PUT \
  --url http://localhost:8080/domain \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data '{
	"domainName": "donutbytes.domains",
	"registrationPeriod": {
		"unit": "year",
		"value": 1
	},
	"verifiedContact": {
		"provider": "abc",
		"contactId": "abc-contact-id"
	}
}'
```

Renew a domain
```
curl --request POST \
  --url http://localhost:8080/domain \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data '{
	"domainName": "donutbytes.domains",
	"registrationPeriod": {
		"unit": "year",
		"value": 1
	}
}'
```

Get domain information
```
curl --request GET \
  --url http://localhost:8080/domain/donutbytes.domains
```

Delete a domain
```
curl --request DELETE \
  --url http://localhost:8080/domain/donutbytes.domains
```

## API Endpoints
| Method | Route          | Req. Body             | Res. Body      | Headers       |
|--------|----------------|-----------------------|----------------|---------------|
| PUT    | /domain        | RegisterDomainRequest | DomainResponse | Authorization |
| POST   | /domain        | RenewDomainRequest    | DomainResponse | Authorization |
| DELETE | /domain/{name} |                       |                | Authorization |
| GET    | /domain/{name} |                       | DomainResponse |               |


## Authorization (Not Implemented)
JWT Header Structure
```
{
  "alg": "HS256",
  "typ": "JWT"
}
```

JWT Payload Structure
```
{
  "CustomerId": "ABC123"
}
```

Below is an example authorization header including a complete JWT token.
```
Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJDdXN0b21lcklkIjoiQUJDMTIzIn0.SOmWEVz1hu6XoRLgxepZ_IQpFwMiZSMzVKJcMdRdbkc
```


## Domain Registration
Newly registered domains must meet the following criteria.
- A minimum of 10 characters long 
    - ex. donutbytes.domains


## Technology Used
| Type          | Name       |
|---------------|------------|
| Language      | Java 8     |
| Web Framework | Dropwizard |

Commit message:

Added design details to the readme.

README.md, after:

# DonutBytes
A mini domain name registration (DNR) service.

## Purpose
This project serves as an example of my approach to building a fully functional Java web service. In short, it's only for display.

## Design Decisions
Some background on the design decisions made for this web service.

### Framework
There are a vast array of web frameworks for Java to fit many different needs. I chose to build this web service on top of Dropwizard for a few key reasons.
* It is lightweight
* Setup time is minimal
* The docs are clear and concise
* There is a strong developer community

### JSON Subtypes
Rather than using enums to control object types, I chose to rely strictly on inheritance. This may seem obvious but there are complexities when you begin working with JSON payloads. 

Using Jackson's built-in JSON subtypes feature it becomes very easy to overcome this hurdle through mapping inheriting classes to JSON type fields.

### Authorization
While there is no authorization code implemented in this example web service, some thought has been put into how this could be applied. Ideally this service functions as a microservice among several others including an authentication service. In this scenario we would rely on JWT tokens to authorize inbound requests.

## Getting Started
1. Run `mvn clean install` to build the service
    - Tests will be run automatically as part of this step
1. Start the service with `java -jar target/service-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar server config.yml`
1. The service should now be reachable via `http://localhost:8080`

### Example requests

Register a domain
```
curl --request PUT \
  --url http://localhost:8080/domain \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data '{
	"domainName": "donutbytes.domains",
	"registrationPeriod": {
		"unit": "year",
		"value": 1
	},
	"verifiedContact": {
		"provider": "abc",
		"contactId": "abc-contact-id"
	}
}'
```

Renew a domain
```
curl --request POST \
  --url http://localhost:8080/domain \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data '{
	"domainName": "donutbytes.domains",
	"registrationPeriod": {
		"unit": "year",
		"value": 1
	}
}'
```

Get domain information
```
curl --request GET \
  --url http://localhost:8080/domain/donutbytes.domains
```

Delete a domain
```
curl --request DELETE \
  --url http://localhost:8080/domain/donutbytes.domains
```

## API Endpoints
| Method | Route          | Req. Body             | Res. Body      | Headers       |
|--------|----------------|-----------------------|----------------|---------------|
| PUT    | /domain        | RegisterDomainRequest | DomainResponse | Authorization |
| POST   | /domain        | RenewDomainRequest    | DomainResponse | Authorization |
| DELETE | /domain/{name} |                       |                | Authorization |
| GET    | /domain/{name} |                       | DomainResponse |               |


## Authorization (Not Implemented)
JWT Header Structure
```
{
  "alg": "HS256",
  "typ": "JWT"
}
```

JWT Payload Structure
```
{
  "CustomerId": "ABC123"
}
```

Below is an example authorization header including a complete JWT token.
```
Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJDdXN0b21lcklkIjoiQUJDMTIzIn0.SOmWEVz1hu6XoRLgxepZ_IQpFwMiZSMzVKJcMdRdbkc
```


## Domain Registration
Newly registered domains must meet the following criteria.
- A minimum of 10 characters long 
    - ex. donutbytes.domains


## Technology Used
| Type          | Name       |
|---------------|------------|
| Language      | Java 8     |
| Web Framework | Dropwizard |
